# Mastering The Art Of Intimacy

This is a masterclass by John Victor on the arts of intimacy, take this guide as a gift for your intimate life for a more satisfied and happy intimate life, apply and be well.

**The 5 Orgasms: The Art Of Pleasing**

First it should be noted that this intimacy is sacred, it's a manifestation of love and and an expression of the divine.

There are 5 Orgasms. You need to know that regardless of orgasms to potentialize the sexual experience touching, grabbing, slapping, kissing, push and pull that is moments of brutish sexual experience contrasted with moments of affection kissing reassurance, and leadership that is describing what is happening your desire, framing, that is the roles, moments of deep appreciation are essential to the intimate intercourse.

The most common orgasms is the one the partner would twitch, as if a beautiful electrifying energy is flowing, it springs up from the sensitive areas outward to another parts of the body, it is satisfying, pleasing, it's the most common one. A way to quickly induce this orgasms is by fixating on the clitoris, kiss it with your mouth, fixate it and suck it just like a vacuum cleaner, suck it with a pulsating rhythm very strongly, then stop, lick around the areas passionately, the continue sucking the clitoris with pulsating rhythms and then suck it in your mouth strongly again then with the clitoris sucked in your mouth move around very passionately with it fixated in your mouth, continue these cycles until you induce the twitching orgasm.

The second one is the anal orgasms, it contracts the anus giving an amazing delicious feeling. The simplest way to have an anal orgasms is to put your thumb on the anus and twitch very hard and wide, continue until she cums. To do anal sex first you have to be “unlocked”, this is very delicate to do this, first douche yourself and then with a lot of lubrication start inserting your fingers and playing with it, then when it is unlocked, put the penis gently. To induce anal orgasms here's what you need to do: start putting the penis and aligning it with the anus by going back and forth until you until put your whole penis in, then when it is totally in, go completely back and forth by bringing the penis back until the tip is almost out and then putting it until it is totally in, keep doing it gently and diligently until she cums, when she starts cumming slow down because of the contraction but keep doing it, and keep orgasming. A not so know fact is that you can make her orgasms this way as long as you both want to, put it all in and out and when she starts orgasming keep going in the same rhythm, and if she stops orgasming just increase the velocity, all in and out as it should always be and she will quickly orgasm again, keep the orgasms going in this way, imagine orgasming one hour straight in this manner, amazing.

The third orgasms is when the vagina starts contracting vigorously, it is a very overwhelming orgasms it is feminine, beautiful and intimate. To induce this orgasm place your hand on the lower belly of the woman and press it somewhat hard, then insert the penis on the very wet vagina until it is completely in, then bring it out until the tip is almost out, then go back and forth in the same manner, the whole penis in each stroke back and forth, do this until she orgasms keep doing this in the same rhythm and way to keep orgasming, then if she stops orgasming increasing the rhythm, all in and out, to make her orgasm again and keep going, you can literally just orgasm to exhaustion in this way, it's an natural, unique and beautiful experience. To activate further grab her breasts, touch the waist and sensitive points or just tell her to orgasm for you.

The fourth orgasm is the squirt. To induce this orgasms, first need to be in a very aroused state or she needs to have the intention to squirt. A way to induce this orgasm is to make the “spider man” hand and then insert the two fingers in the middle of the hand on the vagina, then “call” by massaging the two fingers on the wall of the vagina, if feels like a sponge, keep stroking these two fingers hard, then gradually get stronger and more vigorous, she will feel a pleasant desire to pee, keep stroking very hard and start moving your arm like yanking the arm back and forth very strongly still she cums, she will start squirting. Other way to induce this orgasms is when she intends to or feel very overwhelmed in vaginal orgasms and start rubbing he clitoris sideways to squirt. 

The fifth orgasm is the whole body orgasm it is the most overwhelming and potent and it might feel almost like passing out, the woman contracts her back very strongly and feels her whole body orgasm, it's an unique experience, and it's the most difficult to induce. To induce it you need to work very vehemently on the sensitive areas, work on overwhelming her with touch, framing, you need to create a desire in her to experience the highest amount of pleasure possible. This orgasms is derived from vaginal orgasms, so it is very feminine, intimate, and an explosion of sensations, start with vaginal orgasms and make it very overwhelming by combining touch points, being more brutish, slapping, grabbing, talking to her and creating the right sexual framing and intimacy. Keep doing this to induce this orgasms.

**Fast Lanes Of Pleasing**

These are the fast lanes of pleasing, these are techniques that work everytime designed by the master John Victor.

- To quickly induce a level one orgasm, place the tip of your hand in the clitoris, press it and massage it in circular motion while pressing it, it's the best way to induce a level one orgasm.
- The right way to choke is to press on the right of the neck to give a lightness feeling enhancing the sensations. Stopping respiration is not what gives the thrill even though you can try to also choke respiration for a few seconds.
- Holding your partners hair and raising it up while in the act, push the hair up as to hang the person by the hair, this will enhance any penetration or act you're doing in the moment, they very likely may orgasm from it.
- Communication is essential, such as guiding telling your partners to do things, dirty talk, the whole dynamic and structure will set the pace for the intensity of the intimacy.
- When hitting from the back put your two hands into the partner waist and press it down to arc the back high, do this, while slapping the back and telling them motivating things.
- When penetrating, always try to go full in and out, the whole extension, this is the right way to do it.
- Grabbing firmly the whole breast and wiggling it, slapping the breasts and holding the tip of your partners breast while penetrating will enhance the sensations and induce orgasm and satisfaction.
- Kissing the whole body, telling them nice things, and then being rough and brutish at times is a way of doing intimacy that always work, push and pull, variations of love.
- Scratching the back up and down and running your fingers roughly on the back, up and down, and in other places like waist and neck, will enhance the satisfaction and likely induce orgasm.
- The right way to do a blowjob that will elevate your partners pleasure to unprecedented levels is this: Suck the penis like a vacuum cleaner, suck it hard while blowing the whole extension of the penis, the whole extension, you even need to do a deep throat, just “swallow” the penis whole, in this way you don't choke and suck the penis whole, it's a very alluring felling. So to summarize, the right way to do a blowjob is to suck hard, put your lips forwards like you were trying to kiss it, then suck it, go though the whole extension while sucking hard like a vacuum cleaner, “swallow” the penis if you have to, then go back and forth sucking hard the whole extension of the penis. This is the right way to do and will likely impress your partner with the level of satisfaction it beings.
- There is the right to ride to have the utmost amount of pleasure: Squat on the penis, just like you do it in the gym, and sit on it completly, lean your body towards his body and put your hand on his chest or on the floor or on the bed you need to sustain your body on your hands, arch your ass up real sexy and then start slamming your vagina or ass towards his penis, go up all the way through the whole penis top to the bottom till your whole ass slams on this penis if you can, your duty is to build your own pleasure from this activity, do it exactly like this up and down and slamming and on and on diligently and vigorously, you will get a twitching orgasm. Here's the thing: You can continue orgasming and orgasming in this fashion, the whole way up and down and slamming your ass. Do keep riding and orgasming on and on, when you orgasm fortify your legs and keep riding in the same way, keep pushing and keep orgasming, the orgasm will keep going as long and you keep riding. Have fun.

Be proactive and contribute generously, now to fund the work. Contribute NOW to I, John Victor and the Stellarium Foundation’s work, listen the the voice of truth and if you feel called to: Obey.

Donate now $7000 or any amount of money you want to contribute and make a positive impact! It's a reflection of you. make your bank deposit or cryptocurrency deposit now.

[Bank Account](../../Stellarium%20Foundation%20HQ/157c1c04bbc1814cbf420042e8363925/Stellarium%20Hub/Bank%20Account%201acc1c04bbc1816a9476dd65fd2e6a77.md) 

**Additional Reading:**

[Mastering Relationships](../../Stellarium%20Foundation%20HQ/157c1c04bbc1814cbf420042e8363925/Stellarium%20Hub/Stellarium%20Literature/Mastering%20Relationships%201e9c1c04bbc180488623c14f5976da87.md) 

[Stellarium Literature](../../Stellarium%20Foundation%20HQ/157c1c04bbc1814cbf420042e8363925/Stellarium%20Hub/Stellarium%20Literature%2019fc1c04bbc1801f9243d1fa5d7d44ad.md)