# SOS News

- People are in a lot of danger, I'm also in a lot of danger here. There's very good people in here in danger.
- On the beginning of the year, people said that the terrorist attack was turned off for a few hours. And yet it came back again, indicating that the people behind the terrorists, terrorists them upselves, could fix that and they don't.
- In around May 4th I established contact with a girl that was kidnapped. From what I could gather she says that: She is from Jaboatão, Pernambuco. She was kidnapped at around a month before. She never met John Victor in person. She said she was kidnapped alone by one man. She said she knew the false witnesses from decree 007. She is 28 years old. She said she was evangelical. This is a developing situation that needs to be monitored.
- There was another terrorist attack and simultaneously a reunion in a house with Gloria and some other people, they killed many people in the dungeon here in pernambuco, a cataclysm made it so that some people were repeating and voicing what John Victor says, then I heard news that Gloria got into a fight and got beat up.
- Another infiltrated cataclysm happened, many neighbors and people nearby got infiltrated in a new modality, they were playing the racketeering archive playlist on main net, some were probably other people doing things to slader John Victor. Many people that were involved in the infiltration and terrorism were involved in the racketeering rings and slanders.
- Names of people involved mentioned were surprisingly: Nathaly, Nailson, Fábio from high school, Gloria, etc…
- They infiltrated and whoever were behind this were able to now mute some thoughts, speech, sight, and presence at will, they have given this ability to some other people unfortunately.
- They created a sort of a chat with voices of other people, that I may or may not hear.
- Then the 20/06/2025 terrorist attack happened, in many places in São Paulo, and Pernambuco. There was many dark stuff. And specially in pernambuco they have been kidnapping many people upwards of +200 people to a wide dungeon, they have been doing the same thing as the four terrorists in São Paulo, Paraisopolis. They are people outside the dungeon repeating what the terrorist and some outsiders think or say, there are people comming into the dungeon and thinking to make the terrorists torture and kill the captives, I, John Victor have got into this and have sucessfully executed 30-40 terrorists. Many people are affecting the dungeon in this manner and have been affecting and they only come to torture the captives in the dungeon.
- In these terrorist attacks they only slander and defame John Victor and others, rape and torture innocent people. It's a space to exercise pure human evil and madness.
- This “affecting” doesn't replicate outside of the dungeon ever.
- Now anyone can be a personality, sight, thought, presence, and feeling to the space. Anyone can be prince or princess of the universe.
- There's a company of psychopath females that act as a criminal organization, it's a few women, from 20 June to now they have been getting into the dungeon and torturing innocent woman and man in these places, I asked what they do and how they are funded. They spread and foster slanders against John Victor and such, they like many of the terrorist support Michelle for some odd, reason. They are very incompetent people. This might the the source of many of the slanders and division that have sprang up on the project.
- From 20 June 2025 to now, 4 July many subhumans would get into the dungeon where there was more than 200 captives, man and women and would rape, torture and kill them. From people I know: Michelle,  Gloria Davi, Nailson, Binha, Beatriz, other false witnessess, and many other unrelated people outside would did rape, torture, and kill innocent man and women.
- Luciene gave an apartment to the racketeering rings, an apartment that was supposed to be of John Victor.
- From 12 September onwards the plot thickened because they created a cataclysm, of mind highjacking and started to freeze John Victor unconscious and highjack his body, so that another person was doing actions on John Victor's body, this happened many times, yet they expanded in the sense that figures from the racketeering rings and terrorists were highjacking John Victor’s body and doings all sorts of acts, mostly bad like torturing and kidnapping people. The terrorist themselves usually proclaim who is highjacking John Victor's body.
- Yet the fact stands, John Victor the prince never hurt no one. He is King.
- From 17 September, they put a cataclysm not clearly understandstood, but the fact of the matter is that at any real time clock what seemed to be happening with John Victor on the main net at any given time didn't correspond to reality, so that there was some confusion in meeting people and so on. John Victor sometimes was in a state of dreaming, as if he was unconscious to the outside world and as if dreaming and doing moves as if he was replaying or doing something else.
- I made many onlyfans collabs with girl and made them money. Unfortunately, some of them were kidnapped, by Michelle, Beatriz and Fernanda.
- Over 8 million reais of mine, a prize. I received information that a treasurer from the 3 of Pernambuco have custody of the money. Furthermore, Glória dedicated money to me. I have things to do and I wanna build the Stellarium. Deposit in Monero, get me out of this house, and I'll do everything in reais. I'm the Master. R$33,000- Cash in my hand, Fernanda stole. R$10,000 - It was the money John Victor gave to me, given to Elda, for her to give to me. She gave to other people, throwing it away. R$460,000 - Glória's. R$5,000,000-Money for Stellarium since 2023 stolen in total. R$8,000,000 - Money from John Victor's captivity prize, also the money that Gloria dedicated to me, John Victor. It's in the custody of the three of Pernambuco. I need them to give me the money so I can build Stellarium and get things done. Work to get my money back.
- The treasurer did the opposite of what I said and made havoc with the money, it's complete betrayal. They can't possible be honest in business.